Document cookieDomain setting (#246)
signalfx/splunk-otel-js-web: docs/Configuration.md

|`allowInsecureBeacon`|`boolean`|`false`|Allows sending data to insecure endpoints not using `https`. It is not recommended to enable this. |
|`debug`|`boolean`|`false`|Enables debug logging in developer console|
|`ignoreUrls`|`(string\|regex)[]`|`[]`|Sets a list of URLs to be ignored. Any URLs that XHR/Fetch or websocket connect that match the rules will not produce a span. Two different rules can be provided: equals match to a specified string or a regex match.|

> |`cookieDomain`|`string`|`(none)`|Configure the domain [used for session tracking](Cookies.md). For example if you have sites `foo.example.com` and `bar.example.com`, setting this to `example.com` allows both sites to use same session identifier.|
> |`context.async`|`boolean`|`false`|Enable [asyncronous context manager](Async-Traces.md)|
> |`exporter.onAttributesSerializing`|`(a: SpanAttributes, s?: Span) => SpanAttributes`|`(attrs) => attrs`|Provides a callback for modifying span attributes before exporting. An example use case of the serializer is to filter out PII.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`cookieDomain`|`string`|`(none)`|Configures the domain used for [session tracking](Cookies.md). For example, if you have sites `foo.example.com` and `bar.example.com`, setting `cookieDomain` to `example.com` allows both sites to use the same session identifier.|
|`context.async`|`boolean`|`false`|Enables [asyncronous context manager](Async-Traces.md)|
```

Author: accidental `exporter.onAttributesSerializing` line removal in suggestion?
